[pilot light clicks]
[flame whooshes]
[electrical humming]
[metal clinks]
[door closes]
Heard.
- Feels good?
- Yeah.
[sighs]
I'm terrified to look
at my station.
- Want me to check for you?
- Please.
Say less.
[door opens. closes]
[door opens]
[people murmuring]
- [door closes]
- Well?
Yeah. I mean...
I mean. it's real fucked up.
- Yeah.
- No. like. what the fuck did you do?
I don't know. It gets
crazy over there.
[chuckles]
Want me to help you clean it?
Thank you.
[Carmy] Yo.
Hey.
What are you still doing here?
Business papers.
What. Sugar's got you
doing paperwork now?
So. I read. "You must
create opportunity."
That's a fact. yeah.
When we opened The Bear.
I stopped going
to culinary school.
It wasn't for me. Carmy.
I liked my skills. I
didn't want new ones.
[Carmy] Hmm.
And when nobody looked for me.
I felt like I didn't create
opportunity for a restaurant.
Hmm.
Ebra. that...
that fucking sucks. I'm. um...
I'm sorry.
Carmy. I didn't tell you
that for you to feel bad.
No. no. I know. I just...
I should have done better. and.
um. I could have done better.
and I'm sorry.
You were busy.
It doesn't make it okay.
You create many
opportunities here.
We are slammed.
Very. yes.
Uh. you'll look at this when
I'm prepared to show you?
[Carmy] Please.
Please. yes.
I can't wait.
- Time?
- Yeah.
[sighs]
You all set for tomorrow?
- More of the same.
- Yeah.
Your station looks immaculate.
[Marcus] Yeah. Syd helped.
Are you getting fucking drilled?
I'm figuring it out.
All right.
I'm here.
I know.
Aight. heard.
[sighs]
All right. get out of here. get
some rest. I'ma... I'm gonna lock up.
Yeah. good night.
Can I lock up. or is that
gonna interrupt your moping?
You can lock it.
Just FYI. you may have heard.
this changing the menu.
that's really fucking us.
That's understood.
Thank you. Chef.
Is this performative?
You waiting for me
to ask if you're okay?
I'm fine. I'm thinking.
What about?
Mistakes.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Today.
[Carmy] What?
Today is tomorrow. Cousin.
[clears throat]
[♪ melancholy music playing]
[♪ music continues]
Hey. Dan. Dan. don't
make it hard on yourself.
All you gotta do is
drop that gun on the bed
and let me walk out this door.
Wade. listen.
[Wade] What are you
squeezing the watch for?
[Dan] Are you sure that
no one would ever know?
Squeezing that watch
ain't gonna stop time.
[♪ music continues]
[Richie] ♪ Oh. the
3:10 to Yuma... ♪
[sighs]
[person on TV] In relation
to those locations I've seen
of the sets and planning.
so I know exactly organically
how a scene's gonna move.
[Scott. Richie] And that
confidence bleeds into the actor.
So I found inordinate
trust almost immediately.
And because I said
you're gonna be there...
[clatters]
So I then said. "Right. stop.
we're not gonna rehearse.
we're just gonna walk
through four focus marks.
and I'm gonna... On the
first hit I'm gonna shoot"...
There's always this
horror of filming...
[television audio fades]
[♪ music continues]
[sighs]
Please help me
out with this place.
If it's fucked.
then I am fucked.
I think it's. like.
the last thing
that's actually keeping
me attached to anything.
So. please help me out here.
Amen.
[Richie sighs]
[typing]
[♪ "Life's What
You Make It" playing]
[Sweeps] Thanks for meeting with
me. I'm so glad Syd introduced us.
[person] Oh. my God. so
how's it going over there?
[Sweeps] It's been
kinda difficult for me
to find some consistency
with the pairings.
- because the menu changes so much.
- Okay.
Like mushrooms. for example.
What goes well with that?
I wanted to introduce
you to Pinot Noir in general
because it's a
sommelier's best friend.
You smell that earthiness? You smell
the mushrooms like fresh churned soil?
So that's what we're going for.
Just always remember. if it
grows together. it goes together.
- Together.
- Burgundy's known for its mushrooms...
I like that.
and when you
put the two together.
it's like peanut
butter and jelly.
[♪ music continues]
This Albert? [stammers]
Albert. this is Ebraheim.
Uh. I got your number from the
South Side Business Academy.
Guys. are we short
a couple of pallets?
[farmer] You got
what you paid for.
[♪ music continues]
- What's up. T?
- [Tina] Sugie. we got a problem.
Our orders are shrinking.
Okay. What do you mean?
Two different farms
only gave us half.
They said it was
based on the new terms.
Fuck!
[sighs] Um...
Thank you. T.
I'll-I'll get it handled.
- [Carmy] What's up?
- Bad terms with farmers.
[♪ music continues]
[Carmy] Oh.
Yeah.
Okay.
So. Nat talked to them
and tried to get them to
extend the terms. but...
- Right. We can't do that.
- Yeah.
We can only do
that for larger orders.
and. uh. we don't got that.
So it's going to be smaller
orders with the same terms.
So we're being punished?
Yeah... Yeah. by our
purveyors basically.
[Sugar sighs. groans]
What?
Well. I saw Francie.
[clears throat]
Where?
- At the gym.
- [Sugar scoffs]
Obviously.
Outside of a Pinot. what's really
good reds that pair well with fish?
There's that saying of you
can't have red wine with fish.
You can have red wine with fish.
Uh. so it's not the redness that
gets in the way. it's the tannins.
And the easiest way
to tell is if you turn it.
and you can see through it
then it's thinner skin and
that's gonna go with fish.
- Okay.
- So it's super easy.
- Are you following?
- Yeah. I think I got it.
It's like. um... Okay.
there's like ten apples. right?
- Uh-huh.
- And we are supposed to pay
five dollars a month
for the ten apples.
- Which is how the... - Right.
We don't need any apples.
No. we need apples. [stammers]
Like the hypothetical apples.
- It's not like an actual apple.
- Right. Okay. I see.
- She...
- Can go fuck.
- I-I'm just the messenger.
- What's the message?
Hi.
Hi? Hi.
[chuckles]
You know. it's funny. like. I think of
wine. it's like a liquid snapshot of time.
It was that moment everything
that was happening for that year.
what the summer was like. what
the rains were like. everything.
and it just captures it
and it puts it in a bottle.
It's like a snapshot
that we get to enjoy.
- We had ten apples.
- We don't have any apples.
- They have the apples.
- We have no apples. They have ten apples.
We have like five apples...
four app... you know?
- Less apples.
- Yes.
- What if we have six fennel?
- What?
- We don't even use apples.
- Where did you get that from?
Six is less than ten.
- Many things are less than ten.
- Sure.
She look hot?
- No. not...
- Be very careful.
- You...
- Be... Don't.
- Is she hot?
- I mean. she's...
- Don't answer that!
- Okay.
Fucking Francie.
All right. I'm gonna
go... I'm gonna go.
Hi. Natalie. Natalie. Natalie.
- Okay. sorry. you're confusing me.
- No.
- They're giving us less apples.
- Okay. it's bad.
- They're giving us... Yeah.
- Okay. Okay. Okay.
I think a good approach
would be to reduce the
amount of components per plate.
Okay. how many
components do we have now?
On average. five.
- Okay. so we need to subtract. Right.
- Subtract. Yes. simplify.
I think three per
dish. you know.
which isn't fancy.
but. um. it'll help.
Okay. let's do that.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. yeah.
Okay.
Am I good to maybe start
moving on some of this stuff?
- You think we can do it?
- Yes.
Okay. then that's it.
- That was kind of easy.
- Yeah?
Di-Did you not feel that
that was kind of easy?
Yeah. no. I'm. you know...
I'm working on it.
- Yeah. cool.
- Okay.
All right. Good job. man.
[♪ "The Chosen One" playing]
[Richie] All right. you guys.
we missed the fucking Tribune.
That cannot happen. okay?
We need this fucking star. guys.
- We need to not miss.
- Underline "need."
- [Computer] Who's the star man?
- [Donnie] I have no idea.
They're around right now
though. It's that time of year.
We don't know what
he fucking looks like?
I never did. Jess. did
you ever know who it was?
- Never.
- You gotta be fucking kidding me.
He's just some fucking bong
hit walking around with like a...
What. a fucking magic
wand or some shit?
Yeah. do we have to go beat
his fucking head in or something?
Yeah. let's beat this guy's
fucking ass. What are we doing?
Thank you. gentlemen.
I will let you know.
[Jessica] I know they sometimes.
like. fiddle with the reservation.
- [Richie] How so?
- They'll book as a four
- and then they'll show as a two.
- Maybe they bring a celebrity.
- Really?
- As the guest.
Oh. like some
decoy shit. Respect.
[Donnie] It's almost better that
you don't know who they are.
- [Richie] Why is that?
- 'Cause you need to treat every guest
that walks through your door
like they're the chosen one.
If you focus on this one guest.
that guest is gonna know
they're getting better treatment.
- You do hear things though.
- [Richie] Like what?
[Donnie] Like they
use a weird last name.
like a street in the
city they're visiting.
[automated voice] Your
call has been forwarded
to an automatic voice
message system.
This is Dad.
[♪ music continues]
Call me.
[phone buzzes]
Okay. ready? Check it.
"The world..." Chefs.
"The world can only
be grasped by action.
not by contemplation.
The hand is the cutting
edge of the mind."
I wonder if. um...
it's a bit. um...
- I mean. like. lofty.
- Such a fucking elitist.
No. I don't... No. you're not.
I actually really don't
think you are. [stammers]
It's just a little hyper intelligent.
you know? Maybe just...
- Too intimidating.
- Yeah.
I wonder if there's something
just like a little simpler.
All right.
Hey. heard. Thank you. Chef.
Thank you.
[♪ lively music plays]
[Chi-Chi] Steve M. Bag.
Bag. Bag. Bag.
How did you end up in
the fucking country club?
I didn't end up there. I had to
go play with one of the schmucks
that. uh. you know.
play there already.
Apparently. you
don't need to be good.
You just need to
have a good attitude.
[♪ music continues]
- [Chi-Chi] Last order.
- [Chuckie] And we're out.
[Chi-Chi] All right. This
is the last guy. You're it.
All right. folks. we
love everybody.
I apologize. but
we're out for the day.
We ran out. Sorry.
guys. This shit happens.
Sold out by 1:15.
Excellent. boys.
[Chi-Chi. Chuckie]
Thank you. Chef.
[electronic beeping]
Amazing.
[clock ticking]
Shit.
- [Jessica] Chef.
- [groans] I am trying.
I can see and it's great. but
I want you to stop training.
I want you to work
on something else.
- Really?
- Yeah. your speed is growing.
I'm seeing the effort. I appreciate
the hustle. Take a break.
Yeah. but I can't just leave
this like this. you know?
I really want to beat this shit.
You will. Trust
me. take a break.
She's right. T.
[sighs]
- I know.
- Great.
[Garrett] Jess. can
I borrow you. Chef?
Uh. yes. Chef. Thanks. T.
[Tina] Thank you.
[Carmy] Listen. T.
I'm dead serious.
I couldn't do it in under
three minutes. okay?
Thanks. Jeffrey. I barely
slept last night. so...
Is everything all right?
Yeah. David and
I got into a fight.
It was so stupid.
And neither of us
apologized. so we slept like shit
and then we woke
up feeling like shit
and then I just
took the bullet. so...
- Apologized?
- Yeah.
I can't have that shit
hanging over my head.
It makes you make bad decisions.
Yeah.
- Hey. Jeffrey.
- Yeah?
- Have you seen the baby?
- Which baby?
I'm gonna shove this
spoon right up your ass.
Sugar's baby. Fuck me.
Carmen.
I'm such a fucking asshole.
Yes. Jeff.
[♪ "Most of the Time" playing]
Before you say anything.
I don't love it either.
Yeah. no. no. I'm sorry. I
should've been more aware.
It seemed like you had a plan.
No. I know. and I just. um...
I just I... I wasn't
thinking. you know.
Well. I know you
know what you're doing.
and we can still make
two components work.
[stammers] What?
Two from three.
sometimes from five.
W-What are you talking about?
- Aren't we talking about the menu?
- No. no. no. Nat. no.
I'm... I'm. uh...
I'm... I'm calling because I
haven't met Sophie yet. and. um...
Yeah. I-I just wanted
to apologize about that.
Hold on. I'm just gonna
put my head back on.
This is Carmen
Berzatto. correct?
Nat. I'm fucking...
I'm serious. okay?
I-I really want to meet
her. and I can't wait.
and it's fucked-up
that I haven't.
Well. I appreciate
you saying that.
And I know you're busy.
and I didn't want to push.
But I really can't wait
for you to meet her.
She's cute.
Yeah. no. I-I bet.
- Okay. that's really all I got. so...
- How are you?
Fine. good. yeah.
Just. you know. it's busy.
No. really? How are you?
Yeah. I'm all right.
How are you?
I'm great. I'm happy.
So happy. It's like...
I mean. it's fucking...
- Scary? - It's scary. [sighs]
I want it to last.
Yeah. it will.
[chuckles] How do you know?
Because you deserve it. Nat.
Thanks.
Carm. I almost called you
at 3:00 a.m. the other night.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. Yeah. I. um...
I was thinking about
Mikey's funeral.
Yeah. you know. there's...
there's actually. um...
There's something I wanted
to tell you about the funeral.
No. no. honey. Honey. I get it.
But it led me to thinking about the
day that I dropped you at O'Hare.
What. to go to New York?
Yeah.
I was sad.
I mean. it was a good sad.
because you were leaving
and I was proud of you.
But I was also sad. because
at that point in my life.
I just didn't really
have anything going on.
What do you mean? [stammers]
- You know. you had Pete. right?
- No. yes. Yes. [chuckles]
I had friends. and a job.
and we should all be so lucky.
And I have found that
too at the restaurant.
and I'm so grateful
that you brought me in.
I think... I think
what I mean is.
that day.
Carm. you had such a spark.
Like. it was this
beautiful thing...
It was somebody being
in love with something.
And being fucking great at it.
And being loved back.
Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know how
long that kind of thing lasts.
I think that's what
I'm saying. Bear.
You found something
that you love.
And it's completely
100% okay if...
What?
If you don't love it anymore.
Because the most
special part about it
is that you are
capable of that love.
Yeah.
Okay. so we're a little bit
jammed up on components. um.
so I wanted to take some of
Carm's ideas and just simplify them.
So the first is that scallop.
We're gonna keep
that super lightly seared.
um. but instead.
we're gonna do it with a
compound orange ginger butter.
- [Sweeps] Mmm. Okay.
- And then on the opposite end.
just keep it really simple with
some. like. crisp verts. you know?
So. we'll have some
greens. and yeah.
the whole thing is just
sharp. fresh. nice. you know?
I love it. So what
about the meat?
Ah. yes. Okay. we are going to
stay with that delicious soubise...
- Soubise.
- that Carm is working on.
Keep the Wagyu over that.
and. uh. yeah. just have some. like.
nice delicious. simple poached carrots.
- That's all I want.
- Great.
- Works for me.
- Okay.
- Later.
- Thank you.
- Hey. Chef.
- Oh. hi.
Um. I-I was just pitching. uh. Sweeps
some of those menu changes we talked about.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. um. do you want to hear?
No. no. you just go.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Cool. okay.
Um. mind helping
me prep some carrots?
- Yeah. let me wash my hands. Okay?
- Okay.
[♪ "Mystery
Achievement" playing]
So. in summation. um.
success is the culmination...
I just fucking had it too.
Uh. success is the...
Sorry. guys. Goddamn
it. it was a good one too.
I don't know. just. uh...
just crush the ever-living
shit out of this motherfucker.
- Yeah. Let's go.
- [Sweeps] Hell. yeah.
Let's crush it.
Yeah. great.
Thank you.
- Doors.
Fire six clam. one no egg.
[chefs] Yes. Chef.
- [Jessica] Fire two carrot.
- Chef.
Marcus. need to walk
the six panna cotta. Chef.
Yes. Chef. I'm almost there.
[Tina] Backup flying in. Chef.
- Thank you. T.
- Keep going.
Fire cavatelli.
- Tina!
- I'll be right there. Jeff.
- I'll do it.
- No. it's fine. I got it. Just...
Fire four lamb
chop. two sub veg.
[Jessica] Marcus.
how's that panna cotta?
[Marcus] Walking two right now.
[Jessica] Thank you. Chef.
Fire two hazelnut.
Two no shellfish.
[Carmy] T. what do we
got over there? Bring here?
- [Tina] I'm gonna help.
- [Carmy] Thank you. Chef.
Great work. Chefs. Every
second counts. Keep going.
Hands.
♪ But everyday ♪
♪ Every night time I find ♪
♪ Mystery achievement ♪
- ♪ You're on my mind ♪
- ♪ On my mind ♪
♪ On my mind ♪
♪ Everyday ♪
♪ Every night time I feel ♪
♪ Mystery achievement ♪
♪ You're so unreal ♪
♪ But everyday ♪
♪ Every night time I find ♪
♪ Mystery achievement ♪
- ♪ You're on my mind ♪
- ♪ On my mind ♪
♪ On my mind ♪
♪ Everyday ♪
♪ Every night time I feel ♪
♪ Mystery achievement ♪
♪ You're so unreal ♪
[vocalizing]
>>>>oakislandtk
www.opensubtitles.org